Builder: Mission has started.
Builder: hello. what are we building this time?
Architect: hello builder, i will tell you this. it appears we are creating a belltower. but first i will start with step by step instructions. we will start with green blocks
Architect: please start with 8 green blocks extending straight up. this will need to be placed as far right as you can, preferably centered along the other axis
Builder: here?
Architect: yes
Builder: ok
Builder: is this good?
Architect: yes, one moment
Architect: on the 8th block to the left of the green block, please create the same structure with red blocks
Builder: on top the 8th block?
Architect: sorry, my mistake
Architect: it should start on the ground
Architect: i only meant 8 blocks away from the first green block, to the left
Builder: here?
Architect: yes
Builder: like this?
Architect: good job builder. if you can do this without a supporting structure then please do. we need yet another row of purple blocks that is 9 long so that it lays across the green and red, on top of them
Builder: starting and ending from the red and green?
Architect: yes
Architect: excellent builder
Architect: now we must create the bell. please start by extending 4 orange blocks down from the middle purple block, as if it were hanging
Builder: like this?
Architect: yes. now we need 3 blocks on both sides of the bottom three blocks so that is looks like a 3x3 square hanging off of the purple row
Builder: okay
Builder: orange?
Architect: yes, orange. sorry
Builder: is this good?
Architect: great. now please place 1 orange block on the bottom corners of the 3x3 square so that it is shaped like a bell
Architect: yes that is good
Builder: here?
Architect: not quite. they should be on the left and right sides, not the bottom side. my mistake
Builder: oh i see. my mistake
Architect: good job builder. we have 1 final piece
Architect: please place 1 yellow block on the bottom of the bell, in the middle
Architect: builder, we have done it
Builder: good job!
Architect: you too builder! you are a master craftsman/woman
