Builder: Mission has started.
Builder: hello. Whats our mission this time?
Architect: we have a difficult one ahead of us this time builder. bear with me
Builder: describe the structure?
Architect: we will start using red blocks. if you recall from our previous mission we built an open 3x3 square as the second level of our "table
Architect: this shape is now extending upwards instead of laying flat
Builder: okay
Architect: sort of like a window
Builder: can i build anywhere?
Architect: yes i think that will work
Architect: now please place a red block on the left and right sides of the window, in the middle of each side
Builder: these ones?
Architect: yes place them adjacent to those you just removed
Architect: perfect
Architect: the second half of this structure is the same using purple blocks, but oriented differently. i will attempt to start you off step by step though
Builder: so parallel?
Builder: or perpendicular?
Architect: it is attached to our current structure sort of parallel and rotated 90 degrees. anyway please place the first purple block on the rightmost red block
Builder: is it connected?
Architect: not quite
Architect: its as if they were laying side by side and the purple one gets tilted up 90 degrees so it faces the sky
Builder: oh so its on the ground?
Architect: we can start off with the first few blocks and you will see soon
Architect: the first purple block needs to be attached to the rightmost block, so that it hangs in the air and is closer to you
Builder: here?
Architect: if you move that block to the other side of that red block so that it is on your side and not just an extension
Architect: yes
Builder: is this the arm of the window?
Architect: nowplease make the open square (window) on top of that new purple block
Architect: yes it is
Builder: is this good?
Architect: ok builder i have bad news but it's an easy fix
Architect: i gave you the wrong side
Builder: on the back or other side?
Architect: if you could do that exact structure so that its on the left side of the red square from where you were standing it will be correct
Builder: here?
Architect: yes
Builder: is this it?
Architect: good job builder, i am sorry for the incorrect instructions
Architect: that is correct
Builder: you did a good job!
Architect: thank you for being my builder